Hot Potato
Welcome to Hot Potato.
I will be randomly giving a player the hot potato. Your objective is to avoid the person with the Potato above their heads.
If you are touched by the person with the potato, you will be stunned and then be given 5 seconds to tag someone.
If you do not tag anyone in the time given, you will be killed and warped out. The potato will then be randomly given once again.
Last player to survive will receive 3 Event Points.
Any questions?

Trivia
Welcome to Trivia.
In this event, I will be randomly dividing players into two teams. Team A and Team B.
I will then ask a variety of questions that pertains to Maplestory. Whoever answers the question first will have the ability to eliminate one player of the opposing team.
This will last until all players of one team has been eliminated.
Any remaining players will win 1 Event Point for each of their team members.
Any questions?

Raining Bobs
Welcome to Raining Bobs
In this event, I will spawn a massive amount of neckies at the top of the map. Your objective is to be at the highest platform.
If you are touched by a bob, you will instantly die and be warped out.
The Player who has reached the highest part of the map will win. If there are multiple players on the top, they will all receive prizes.
1 winner, 2 Event Points.
Any questions?

Friendship is Key
Welcome to Friendship is Key
In this event, you will be given 7 seconds to find someone to sit next to.
At the end of the timer, all players who have not found someone to sit with, will die.
Note that you will not be able to sit with the same person over and over.
Meaning that you will have to find a new person each round.
Last pair remaining will win 2 Event Points each.
Any questions?

Alphamania
Welcome to Alphamania.
During this event, each player will follow the first letter of the alphabet's order. For example, A B C D.
Each player will be given 5 seconds to think of a letter that starts with the proceeding letter.
For example if a player says the word "Cat", you will then have to come up with a word that starts with the letter D such as "Dog"
Names and Locations are not allowed!
If you mess up your word or do not respond in the time given, you will be warped out. Then, the next player will proceed with the next letter. 
Last person remaining wins, 1 Event Points.
Any questions?

Survival of the Fittest
Welcome to Survival of the Fittest.
You will be given 3 minutes to form a party of 4-6 players.
A party of GM's will then begin tagging players around the map.Each player will be given the Resurrection skill to revive their fallen party members. Note that there will be a cooldown on this skill.
If all of your party members are dead, you have lost. 
Last person/team will receive 3 Event Points each.
Any questions?

Follow the Weenie
Welcome to Follow the Weenie.
In this event, the main objective is to follow me at all times.
If you are too far from me, you will die and be warped out.
As the number of players decrease, I will be using haste without any announcement. 
1-3 winners, 1 Event Points each.
Any questions?

Quarantine
Welcome to Quarantine
In this event, I will be using a command to randomly pick 1 person to become the Infected
Players who are not infected will have to run away by completing the Jump Quest. However, the infected will be given a speed boost.
If an infected player has touched you, you will then respawn as one of the Infected.
Final survivors will receive 4 Event Points.
Any questions?

Musical Chairs
Welcome to Musical Chairs.
In this event, there will be many benches placed around the map. 
The goal of this event is to be able to sit on a bench after the timer has finished.
If you are not sitting on a bench, you will be killed and warped out. As the number of players decrease, the time and number of benches will decrease.
1 winners, 3 Event Point.
Any questions?

Capture the Flag
Welcome to Capture the Flag.
In this event, I will randomly split players into four teams.Team Red, Team Blue, Team Yellow, and Team Green. 
Each team will have the same objective, capture the most flags of your enemies. [Note]: PVP will be enabled after 5 seconds.
After 3 minutes, the team with the most flags captured will be victorious.
1 team will win, all players will receive 2 Event Points.
Any questions?

Pop the Balloons
Welcome to Pop the Balloons
Your objective is to pop the most balloons while having the highest points.
However, each balloon will have different values ranging from 1 to -10.
Be careful of the negative point balloons as they will lower your score.
1 winner, 2 Event Points.
Any questions?



